Highway clone based (#972)
AutoPas/AutoPas: examples/md-flexible/CMakeLists.txt

option(MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_AUTOVEC "Compile AutoVec Functor." OFF)
option(MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_AVX "If instruction set is available, compile AVX Functor." ON)
option(MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_SVE "If instruction set is available, compile SVE Functor." ON)

> option(MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_HWY "If instruction set is available, compile Highway Functor." ON)

Reviewer: I think if no instruction set is available, highway falls back to normal scalar instructions.
```suggestion
option(MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_HWY "Compile Highway Functor, which uses the best available SIMD instruction set supported by google highway." ON)
```

        $<$<BOOL:${MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_SVE}>:MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_SVE>
        $<$<BOOL:${MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_ATM_AUTOVEC}>:MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_ATM_AUTOVEC>
        $<$<BOOL:${MD_FLEXIBLE_CALC_GLOBALS}>:MD_FLEXIBLE_CALC_GLOBALS>

>         $<$<BOOL:${MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_HWY}>:MD_FLEXIBLE_FUNCTOR_HWY>

Reviewer: Can you move it 2 lines up for consistency?

Reviewer 2: Done in 305cbeec
